
# Welcome to JMMediaStackSDK

## Setup Guide

Here's the continuation assuming you have already created your Xcode project and initialized a Podfile:

### Edit the Podfile:

1. Open your Podfile in Xcode.

### Add Pod Specification:

2. Inside your Podfile, add the pod specification for 'JMMediaStackSDK' as described previously:

```ruby
platform :ios

target 'YourProjectName' do
  use_frameworks!
  pod 'JMMediaStackSDK', :git => 'https://devops.jio.com/JioPlatforms/JioMeet_Pilot/_git/JMMediaSoup_iOS', :branch => 'BranchName(release wise)'
end
```

3. Save the changes you made to the Podfile.

### Install the Pod:

4. In your terminal, navigate to the directory where your project's Podfile is located.

5. Run the command:

```bash
pod install
```

### Open Workspace:

6. Close your Xcode project and open the .xcworkspace file that was generated by CocoaPods. This workspace includes your project and the pods.

### Continue Integration:

7. Now that the 'JMMediaStackSDK' pod is installed, you can continue integrating it into your project following the documentation provided by the library.

## Setup for ScreenShare:

To enable screen sharing, follow these steps:

### Add Broadcast Extension:

1. Add New Target:
   - In the Project Navigator on the left side of Xcode, right-click on your project or click the "+" button at the bottom.
   - Select "New Target."

2. Select Broadcast Upload Extension:
   - In the "Choose a template for your new target" window, select "Broadcast Upload Extension" under the "Media" section.

3. Configure Extension Settings:
   - Fill in the required information for your Broadcast Upload Extension:
     - Product Name: Choose a name for your extension (e.g., "MyBroadcastExtension").
     - Organization Identifier: Use a unique reverse domain notation identifier.
     - Bundle Identifier: This will be automatically generated based on your organization identifier and the product name.
     - Language: Choose the programming language you're comfortable with (Swift or Objective-C).

4. Finish Adding Extension:
   - Click the "Finish" button to add the Broadcast Upload Extension target to your project.

### Setup App Extension:

To send sample buffers to the main app using inter-process communication mechanisms, follow these steps:

1. Select Your Target:
   - In the Project Navigator on the left side of Xcode, select your project's target for which you want to add the App Group.

2. Capabilities Tab:
   - Go to the "Signing & Capabilities" tab for your target.

3. Enable App Groups:
   - Under the "App Groups" section, click the "+ Capability" button to add an App Group capability.

4. Create or Select App Group:
   - If you have an existing App Group that you want to use, select it from the list.
   - If not, click the "Add Group" button and give your App Group a unique identifier. This identifier should be in reverse domain notation, like `group.com.yourcompany.appname`.
